hey Craig what are we up to today
john deere
and basically we're just gonna connect
these teeth to the gears in the table
there so let's start her up
Kate hold on one second okay
thank you just touch the teeth it yep
keep going look okay just pick it just a
little bit and we'll rotate it gate down
router line on the tooth it there is so
I've got I've got one bolt hole lined up
here don't stab yourself
and oh yeah it's a balmy minus 23
degrees Celsius out today
do you want to put one bolt in and then
rotate it on that I'm going to get a
line apart here okay
that sounds better
there we go we're a little bit off on
these ones but always a good ol doc yeah
keep your fair
oh now that's cold
my pants actually froze into the machine
so we're going to take a break to thaw
out the rest of these bolts the grease
is actually frozen on the bottom we've
got some mold Loctite that we're going
to have to cut off
and it's any
AirLife